Mark docrep to remote migration as GA and modify settings names (#7342)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/migrating-to-remote.md

# Migrating to remote-backed storage

> Introduced 2.14

Reviewer: This label is confusing. Is this no longer an experimental feature? If so, then we should update label to Introduced 2.15. The subsequent text refers to 2.15.

Author: Yes, we are doing GA for it .

Review [Upgrading OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/upgrade-opensearch/index/) for recommendations about backing up your configuration files and creating a snapshot of the cluster state and indexes before you make any changes to your OpenSearch cluster.

> Before migrating to remote-backed storage, upgrade to OpenSearch 2.15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before migrating to remote-backed storage, upgrade to the latest version of OpenSearch.
```

Author: They need to minimally upgrade to 2.15 for migration , latest versions is not mandatory .

> As of OpenSearch 2.15, OpenSearch nodes cannot be migrated back to document replication. If you need to revert the migration, then you will need to perform a fresh installation of OpenSearch and restore the cluster from a snapshot. Take a snapshot and store it in a remote repository before beginning the upgrade procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of OpenSearch 2.15, nodes cannot be migrated back to document replication. To revert, perform a fresh installation and restore from a snapshot. Take a snapshot and store it remotely before upgrading.
```

Author: `Storing it remotely` doesn't spell out need to do a snapshot .

   }
   ```

> 1. Set the `cluster.remote_store.compatibility_mode` setting to `mixed` to allow remote-backed storage nodes to join the cluster. Then set `migration.direction` to `remote_store`, which allocates new indexes to remote-backed data nodes. The following example updates the aforementioned setting using the Cluster Settings API:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set the `cluster.remote_store.compatibility_mode` setting to `mixed` to allow remote-backed storage nodes to join the cluster. Then set `cluster.migration.direction` to `remote_store`, which allocates new indexes to remote-backed data nodes. The following example updates the aforementioned setting using the Cluster Settings API:
```
